# Quiz_Application-Game
To create a quiz application in Netbeans IDE using JAVA. There will be a time limit set for each question. After answering all the questions, the participant will be able to view his/her marks on the screen.
**Introduction:**
A quiz is a form of game or mind sport in which players attempt to answer questions correctly about a certain or variety of subjects. They are also widely used as a brief assessment in education and similar fields to measure growth in knowledge, abilities, or skills. 
With the advent of mobile applications, these quizzes can be easily played by using a quiz application. It helps in engaging the audience in a unique and fun way and connects them to the learning material. Another plus point of a quiz app is getting immediate results for your participants. Not only does the creator get the results, the participant himself/herself is also able to get his or her results. This makes it easy for the creator to identify the gaps in knowledge. The participants are able to view what kind of section they have to improve themselves. 
**Literature Survey:**
Java mobile application development has long been on the rise since Java is a versatile and powerful programming language that enables developers to create robust, high-performing applications. Despite being over two decades old, Java is still the go-to choice for many developers to create mobile applications. We require NETBEANS IDE to create projects using the java programming language.
NetBeans IDE is a free, open source, integrated development environment (IDE) that enables you to develop desktop, mobile and web applications. The IDE supports application development in various languages, including Java, HTML5, PHP and C++. The IDE provides integrated support for the complete development cycle, from project creation through debugging, profiling and deployment. The IDE runs on Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and other UNIX-based systems.
Hence, using these sources a quiz application can be built which will not only help in e-learning both in an educational, fun and creative ways.
Development of Android-based Quiz application is especially required by students and learners to organize themselves for various examinations directly through Smart-Phones and tablets in hands. The most important aspect of this project is to facilitate students in learning, gaining, and improving their knowledge skills. Within the meantime, our app provides them fun so the users can steel themselves against interviews,entrance tests, or the other corresponding purposes in a very fresh mood and can’t get bored or frustrated.


